lib_examples/base64_example/README.md, before:

# Base64 example use and bb benchmarking

This makes use of [this](https://github.com/noir-lang/noir_base64.git) base64 library (see Nargo.toml for version)

The lib covers several encode/decode tests, whereas this program has some extra code to facilitate benchmarking the gate counts of a proving backend. Comparisons can be made against other proving backends if desired.

Ordinarily base64 is used encode/decode binary data sent across the web (in html/css files), rather than the text strings shown here. So could be used to verify that a website sent a particular image by comparing to a local binary, with applications that could equate to digital watermarks.

## Test setups for gate counts

Assuming you have `nargo` and a compatible proving backend (eg nargo v0.36.0 and barretenberg bb v0.58.0):

- Choose the desired number of encode/decode runs by setting the corresponding `global` variables in src/main.nr
- Choose the input strings via the `comptime global` variables (the lengths are managed automatically at compile time)
- To ensure the test values are expected lengths:
  - `nargo test`
- Ensure these test values are in a corresponding Prover toml file eg (`Prover_SHORT.toml`)
- Execute the program referring to the prover toml file for inputs:
  - `nargo execute -p Prover_SHORT.toml`
  - Note there's an optional param that you can use to specify the name of the witness file generated
  - Optional: `nargo execute -p Prover_SHORT.toml base64_example_SHORT.gz`
- If using the barretenberg backend, check the gate count referring to the newly created program:
  - `bb gates -b ../target/base64_example.json`
  - Note: you can similarly specify a non-default witness file to use with the program
  - Optional: `bb gates -b ../target/base64_example.json -w ../target/base64_example_SHORT`
  - (Background: gate count is proportionate to proving time and proof size, so is important to check and not have unnecessary bloat)
- Repeat this for different runs of encoding and decoding, of different length inputs to collect results
  - (Automating this is left as an exercise for the reader ;)

Commit message:

Refer to email/jwt use in base64 readme

lib_examples/base64_example/README.md, after:

# Base64 example use and bb benchmarking

This makes use of [this](https://github.com/noir-lang/noir_base64.git) base64 library (see Nargo.toml for version)

The lib covers several encode/decode tests, whereas this program has some extra code to facilitate benchmarking the gate counts of a proving backend. Comparisons can be made against other proving backends if desired.

Ordinarily base64 is used encode/decode binary data sent across the web (in html/css files), rather than the text strings shown here. This library is currently used to prove signed base64 data that has been received via email or in the browser, to then be verified to permit other actions.

## Test setups for gate counts

Assuming you have `nargo` and a compatible proving backend (eg nargo v0.36.0 and barretenberg bb v0.58.0):

- Choose the desired number of encode/decode runs by setting the corresponding `global` variables in src/main.nr
- Choose the input strings via the `comptime global` variables (the lengths are managed automatically at compile time)
- To ensure the test values are expected lengths:
  - `nargo test`
- Ensure these test values are in a corresponding Prover toml file eg (`Prover_SHORT.toml`)
- Execute the program referring to the prover toml file for inputs:
  - `nargo execute -p Prover_SHORT.toml`
  - Note there's an optional param that you can use to specify the name of the witness file generated
  - Optional: `nargo execute -p Prover_SHORT.toml base64_example_SHORT.gz`
- If using the barretenberg backend, check the gate count referring to the newly created program:
  - `bb gates -b ../target/base64_example.json`
  - Note: you can similarly specify a non-default witness file to use with the program
  - Optional: `bb gates -b ../target/base64_example.json -w ../target/base64_example_SHORT`
  - (Background: gate count is proportionate to proving time and proof size, so is important to check and not have unnecessary bloat)
- Repeat this for different runs of encoding and decoding, of different length inputs to collect results
  - (Automating this is left as an exercise for the reader ;)
